update: Nitrokey section (#3089)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/security-keys.md

  ![Nitrokey](assets/img/security-keys/nitrokey.jpg){ width="300" }
</figure>

> The **Nitrokey 3A Mini** [has FIDO Level 2 Certification](https://www.nitrokey.com/news/2024/nitrokey-3a-mini-receives-official-fido2-certification). The Nitrokey 3 Series in general has a wide range of features such as [Universal 2nd Factor (U2F)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universal_2nd_Factor), [FIDO2 and WebAuthn](basics/multi-factor-authentication.md#fido-fast-identity-online), Personal Identity Verification (PIV), OpenPGP, and TOTP and HOTP authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Nitrokey 3A Mini** [has FIDO Authenticator Level 1 Certification](https://www.nitrokey.com/news/2024/nitrokey-3a-mini-receives-official-fido2-certification). The Nitrokey 3 Series in general has a wide range of features such as [Universal 2nd Factor (U2F)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universal_2nd_Factor), [FIDO2 and WebAuthn](basics/multi-factor-authentication.md#fido-fast-identity-online), Personal Identity Verification (PIV), OpenPGP, and TOTP and HOTP authentication.
```
